Agent management and helm configuration (#5188)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: examples/custom-resources/security-monitoring/README.md

    ```console
    IC_HTTP_PORT=<port number>
    ```

## Step 1. Deploy a Web Application

Create the application deployment and service:

```console
kubectl apply -f webapp.yaml
```

## Step 2 - Deploy the AP Policy

1. Create the User Defined Signature, App Protect policy and log configuration:

    ```console
    kubectl apply -f ap-apple-uds.yaml
    kubectl apply -f ap-dataguard-alarm-policy.yaml
    kubectl apply -f ap-logconf.yaml
    ```

Note the log configuration in `ap-logconf.yaml` is a specific format required by NGINX Agent for integration with Security Monitoring.

## Step 3 - Deploy the WAF Policy

1. Create the WAF policy

    ```console
    kubectl apply -f waf.yaml
    ```

Note the App Protect configuration settings in the Policy resource. They enable WAF protection by configuring App
Protect with the policy and log configuration created in the previous step.

## Step 4 - Configure Load Balancing

1. Create the VirtualServer Resource:

    ```console
    kubectl apply -f virtual-server.yaml
    ```

Note that the VirtualServer references the policy `waf-policy` created in Step 3.

## Step 5 - Test the Application

> To access the application, curl the coffee and the tea services. We'll use the --resolve option to set the Host header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the application, **curl`** the coffee and the tea services. Use the --resolve option to set the Host header
```

of a request with `webapp.example.com`

1. Send a request to the application:

    ```console
    curl --resolve webapp.example.com:$IC_HTTP_PORT:$IC_IP http://webapp.example.com:$IC_HTTP_PORT/
    ```

    ```text
    Server address: 10.12.0.18:80
    Server name: webapp-7586895968-r26zn
    ...
    ```

> 1. Now, let's try to send a request with a suspicious URL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Send a request with a suspicious URL:
```

    ```console
    curl --resolve webapp.example.com:$IC_HTTP_PORT:$IC_IP "http://webapp.example.com:$IC_HTTP_PORT/<script>"
    ```

    ```text
    <html><head><title>Request Rejected</title></head><body>
    ...
    ```

> 1. Lastly, let's try to send some suspicious data that matches the user defined signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Finally, send some suspicious data that matches the user defined signature.
```

    ```console
    curl --resolve webapp.example.com:$IC_HTTP_PORT:$IC_IP -X POST -d "apple" http://webapp.example.com:$IC_HTTP_PORT/
    ```

    ```text
    <html><head><title>Request Rejected</title></head><body>
    ...
    ```

>     As you can see, the suspicious requests were blocked by App Protect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The suspicious requests are demonstrably blocked by App Protect.
```

> 1. Access the Security Monitoring dashboard in your deployment of NGINX Instance Manager to view details for the blocked requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Access the Security Monitoring dashboard in NGINX Instance Manager to view details for the blocked requests.
```
